Introduce the generalized Grassmann manifold (#123)
JuliaNLSolvers/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/interface.md

# `ManifoldsBase.jl` – an interface for manifolds

The interface for a manifold is provided in the lightweight package [ManifoldsBase.jl](https://github.com/JuliaNLSolvers/ManifoldsBase.jl).
You can easily implement your algorithms and even your own manifolds just using the interface.

> All manifolds from the package here are also based on this interface, so any project based 

Reviewer: This sentence is not finished.

* [`allocate_result`](@ref) allocates a result of a particular function (for example [`exp`], [`flat`], etc.) on a particular manifold with particular arguments.
  It takes into account the possibility that different arguments may have different numeric [`number_eltype`](@ref) types thorough the [`ManifoldsBase.allocate_result_type`](@ref) function.

## A Decorator for manifolds

>  decorator manifold extends the functionality of a [`Manifold`](@ref) in a semi-transparent way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`DecoratorManifold`](@ref ManifoldsBase.DefaultManifold) extends the functionality of a [`Manifold`](@ref) in a semi-transparent way.
```

Author: Why do you want to link the decorator manifold to the `DefaultManifold`?

Reviewer: Sorry, that's a mistake. It should be a link to `DecoratorManifold`.

Reviewer: Sorry, let's just add the letter 'A' and call it good enough 🙂 .

It internally stores the [`Manifold`](@ref) it extends and by default for functions defined in the [`ManifoldsBase`](interface.md) it acts transparently in the sense that it passes all functions through to the base except those that it actually affects.
For example, because the [`ArrayManifold`](@ref) affects nearly all functions, it overwrites nearly all functions, except a few like [`manifold_dimension`](@ref).

> On the other hand, the [`MetricManifold`](@ref) only affects functions that involve metrics, especially [`exp`](@ref) and [`log`](@ref) but not the [`manifold_dimension`](@ref).

Reviewer: The main difference here is that `ArrayManifold` overwrites fallback definitions while `MetricManifold` does not.

Author: I made that more specific.

By default all functions are passed down.
To implement a method for a decorator that behaves differently from the method of the same function for the internal manifold, two steps are required.
Let's assume the function is called `f(M, arg1, arg2)`, and our decorator manifold `DM` of type `OurDecoratorManifold` decorates `M`.
Then

1. set `decorator_transparent_dispatch(f, M::OurDecoratorManifold, args...) = Val(:intransparent)`
2. implement `f(DM::OurDecoratorManifold, arg1, arg2)`

This makes it possible to extend a manifold or all manifolds with a feature or replace a feature of the original manifold.
The [`MetricManifold`](@ref) is the best example of the second case, since the default metric indicates for which metric the manifold was originally implemented, such that those functions are just passed through.
This can best be seen in the [`SymmetricPositiveDefinite`](@ref) manifold with its [`LinearAffineMetric`](@ref).

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds, ManifoldsBase]
Pages = ["DecoratorManifold.jl"]
Order = [:macro, :type, :function]
```

## ArrayManifold

> A simple decorator is the [`ArrayManifold`](@ref) that “decorates” a manifold with tests that all involved arrays are correct. For example involved input and output paratemers are checked before and after running a function, repectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ArrayManifold`](@ref) is a simple decorator that “decorates” a manifold with tests that all involved arrays are correct. For example involved input and output paratemers are checked before and after running a function, repectively.
```

This is done by calling [`is_manifold_point`](@ref) or [`is_tangent_vector`](@ref) whenever applicable.

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds, ManifoldsBase]
Pages = ["ArrayManifold.jl"]
Order = [:macro, :type, :function]
```

## DefaultManifold

[`DefaultManifold`](@ref ManifoldsBase.DefaultManifold) is a simplified version of [`Euclidean`](@ref) and demonstrates a basic interface implementation.
It can be used to perform simple tests.

> Since when using `Manifolds.jl` the [`Euclidean`](@ref) is available, the default manifold itself is npt exported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since when using `Manifolds.jl` the [`Euclidean`](@ref) is available, the `DefaultManifold` itself is not exported.
```

It internally stores the [`Manifold`](@ref) it extends and by default for functions defined in the [`ManifoldsBase`](interface.md) it acts transparently in the sense that it passes all functions through to the base except those that it actually affects.
For example, because the [`ArrayManifold`](@ref) affects nearly all functions, it overwrites nearly all functions, except a few like [`manifold_dimension`](@ref).
On the other hand, the [`MetricManifold`](@ref) only affects functions that involve metrics, especially [`exp`](@ref) and [`log`](@ref) but not the [`manifold_dimension`](@ref).
Contrary to the previous decorator, the [`MetricManifold`](@ref) does not overwrite functions.
The decorator sets functions like [`exp`](@ref) and [`log`](@ref) to be implemented anew but required to be implemented when specifying a new metric.

> An exception is then the when a new metric [`is_default_metric`](@ref), which again makes the function transparent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An exception is when the new metric is a default metric (see [`is_default_metric`](@ref)), which again makes the function transparent.
```
I think it's more clear.

Author: Oh, that's still not a sentence. Maybe “An exception is not issued if a metric is additinally set to be the default metric (see [`is_default_metric`](@ref), since this makes all functions act transparently.“ ?

Author: Oh, that's still not a sentence. Maybe “An exception is not issued if a metric is additinally set to be the default metric (see is_default_metric, since this makes all functions act transparently.“ ?

Reviewer: Yes, that even better.
